# Company Handbook

## Introduction

This handbook was developed to provide you with guidelines to our company policies and to outline programs and benefits available to you. You should familiarize yourself with the contents as soon as possible so you will know what is expected of you and what you can expect from our organization. This Employee Handbook replaces all previous Graphene handbooks, policies, and memoranda. Failure to follow any of the policies in this handbook may result in disciplinary action, up to and including, termination of employment. You should have already signed an Employment Agreement outlining your employment details. Contact your supervisor if you have any questions.

## Employment

### CHANGE IN POLICY

The company may change, revoke, or supplement the policies in this handbook at any time without notice. The company will determine the effective date of any changes and every effort will be made to notify you in advance. However, failure to give advance notice will not void any policy’s application in the workplace. Supervisors do not have the authority to change the policies in this handbook on their own. If you are uncertain about any policy or procedure, contact your supervisor for clarification.

### AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT

Your employment with Graphene is at-will which means that you or Graphene may terminate your employment at any time for any lawful reason unless a written employment agreement exists with Graphene that provides otherwise. Graphene has the right to transfer, demote, or otherwise discipline an employee at any time for any lawful reason. For an employment agreement with Graphene to be considered valid, it must be signed by the CEO and/or appropriate manager to which you are expected to report to. This handbook is not a contract guaranteeing employment for any specific duration. As provided in the Handbook Acknowledgment, nothing in this handbook creates or is intended to create a promise or representation of continued employment. This handbook replaces any and all prior handbooks, written documents (with the exception of authorized employment agreements) or oral or implied representations that might otherwise contradict the at-will nature of your employment.

### EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

Graphene provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants in all company facilities without regard to race (including hair texture and hairstyles), color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, (or related medical conditions, including, but not limited to lactation), physical disability, mental and/or intellectual disability, age, military status or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran, marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, or sexual orientation in accordance with applicable national, regional, and local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

### PERSONNEL FILES

Graphene maintains a personnel file on each employee. Contact your supervisor to request a review of your company, payroll, and/or benefits plan personnel file. To ensure that your personnel file is up-to-date at all times, notify your supervisor or your payroll specialist of any changes in your name, telephone number, home address, withholding instructions, number of dependents, beneficiary designations, or the individuals to notify in case of an emergency.

## Employee Conduct

### GUIDELINES FOR APPROPRIATE CONDUCT

In order to conduct the operations of Graphene efficiently and professionally, all employees are to follow the rules of conduct that will protect the interests and safety of all employees and the company. All employees are expected to act in a professional manner with customers, and the general public. Although it is not possible to list all forms of inappropriate behavior and conduct, the following are examples that are considered inappropriate and may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment:

Falsifying employment or other company records; Violating the Anti-Harassment policy; Violating certain national, regional, or local laws and regulations; Violating security or safety rules or failing to observe safety rules or safety practices; failing to wear required safety equipment; tampering with equipment or safety equipment; Soliciting gratuities from customers or clients; Displaying excessive or unexcused absenteeism or tardiness; Possessing firearms, weapons or explosives on company property without authorization, in violation of policy or while on duty; Using the company’s property and supplies, particularly for personal purposes in an excessive, unnecessary or unauthorized way; Negligent damage of property; Violating the Violence in the Workplace policy; Violating the Drug-Free Workplace policy; Committing theft or unauthorized possession of company property or the property of fellow employees; Possessing or removing any company property, including documents, from the premises without prior permission from management; Using company equipment or property for personal reasons without proper authorization; using company equipment for profit; Giving confidential or proprietary information to competitors; Working for a competing business while an employee of the company; Breaking confidentiality of information such as, National identification numbers, including any part of National identification numbers. Personal information also includes driver's license numbers, state-issued identification card numbers, date of birth, credit or debit or other account numbers, passport numbers, alien registration numbers or health insurance identification numbers; Engaging in abusive conduct, or bullying, such as using obscene, abusive or threatening language or gestures or other verbal or physical conduct a reasonable person would find threatening, intimidating, or humiliating; Soliciting, selling, or collecting funds for any purpose while on working time (not including meals and authorized breaks). Employees who are not on working time shall not interfere with the work of employees who are on working time.

Where appropriate, supervisors will follow a process of progressive employee discipline. Before or during application of any discipline, employees may be given an opportunity to relate their version of the incident or problem and provide an explanation. Examples of progressive employee discipline include:

Verbal Counseling A conversation with an employee explaining that the employee’s conduct or poor performance is unacceptable, and repeated or continued unacceptable conduct or performance will result in more severe disciplinary action. A record of the notice of the verbal counseling may be made and retained in the employee's personnel file. Written Counseling A written document or memo that describes the unacceptable conduct or performance of the employee and specifies needed changes or improvements. A copy of the written counseling generally will be retained in the employee's personnel file. Termination If an employee fails to follow acceptable conduct or performance standards, the company may terminate the employee’s employment.

Depending on the specific circumstances, the company may suspend or terminate an employee without prior discipline, or without following a particular order of discipline.

### ANTI-HARASSMENT

Graphene is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity and are free from all forms of harassment and discrimination. Any form of harassment, even when not unlawful or directed at a protected category, is prohibited and will not be tolerated. All employees, including supervisors, co-workers, vendors, contractors, customers or other third parties, are expected to adhere to this policy. Reported or suspected occurrences of harassment or discrimination will be promptly and thoroughly investigated. Following an investigation, Graphene will promptly take any necessary and appropriate disciplinary action. Graphene will not permit or condone any acts of retaliation against anyone who files or cooperates in the investigation of harassment or discrimination complaints. The term “harassment” includes harassment based on any category protected by federal, state or local law, which may include, but is not limited to, unwelcome slurs, jokes, or verbal, graphic or physical conduct relating to an individual's race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental and/or intellectual disability, age, military status or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran, marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, familial status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, or sexual orientation. Sexual harassment consists of unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, or other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature where: Submission to such conduct is an explicit or implicit term or condition of employment; Employment decisions are based on an employee's submission to or rejection of such conduct; or Such conduct unreasonably interferes with an individual's work performance or creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment.

## Communications

### INTERNET CODE OF CONDUCT

Access to the internet has been provided to employees primarily for the benefit of the organization. The following guidelines have been established for using the internet. **Unacceptable Use of the Internet** You should not use the internet during working time for non-productive reasons. Nonworking time includes the time before and after your scheduled shift, and the time when you are on a rest or lunch break. Use of the internet while on company time must not interfere with your productivity or disrupt the operations of the company network or the network of other users. **Communications** You are responsible for the content of all text, audio or images that you place or send over the internet including, but not limited to, any Web-based sites or programs utilized through the company. Employees should avoid posting statements, photographs, video or audio that reasonably could be viewed as malicious, obscene, and threatening or intimidating; that disparage clients, or vendors; or that might constitute harassment or bullying. Examples of this conduct might include offensive posts that could contribute to a hostile work environment on the basis of race, sex, disability, religion or any other status protected by law or company policy. Except to the extent that you are discussing your wages, hours or terms and conditions of employment, the following guidelines apply: All messages communicated on the internet should have your name attached to them if they mention or refer to Graphene in any way. No messages regarding or relating to the company are to be transmitted under an assumed name. Employees may not transmit messages or other communication by means that either mask or hide their identity or indicate that they are sent by someone else if it contains information regarding the company’s business. **Software and Copyright Issues** Graphene intends to prevent computer viruses and unauthorized use of copyrighted materials belonging to entities other than the company. You should obtain prior approval before downloading any software. Users are not permitted to copy, transfer, rename, add or delete information or programs belonging to other users unless given express permission to do so by the owner. Failure to observe copyright or license agreements may result in disciplinary action from the company, up to and including immediate termination or legal action by the copyright owner. **Confidentiality and Passwords** While our systems may accommodate the use of passwords for company security, you should not expect confidentiality of your files at work. Graphene reserves the right to access your internet use and messages at any time without notice. Never disclose personal or system passwords to anyone other than authorized company representatives. You are not to attempt to gain access to another employee’s system, including email. **Security**

# Kevin Marr

Primary Signatory

# Grant Marvin

Secondary Signatory

**Approved On: 01/15/2026**

**Version: 2**

All messages created, sent or retrieved over the internet are the property of the company and are not private. The company may access and monitor all messages and files on the computer system at any time. All communications, including text and images, can be disclosed to law enforcement or other third parties without prior consent of the sender or the receiver. **Harassment** Harassment of any kind is prohibited. Messages with derogatory or inflammatory remarks about an individual or group’s race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental and/or intellectual disability, age, military status or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran, marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, or sexual orientation will not be permitted. **Violations** Violations of any guidelines listed in this policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination. If necessary, the company will advise appropriate legal officials of any illegal violations.

## User Guidelines for System Components

The organization has developed documentation and user guides that describe relevant system components as well as the purpose and design of the system. These documents are made available to both internal and external users and updated as needed. The documentation also describes the organization, and the product/service delivered.

## Handbook Acknowledgement

I acknowledge receipt of Graphene’s Employee Handbook ("Handbook"). I understand this handbook contains information regarding Graphene’s rules which affect me as an employee. I understand the Handbook is not a written employment contract for any specific term. My employment with Graphene is at-will unless an authorized employment agreement with Graphene provides otherwise. I further understand that only the president or CEO (or any other individual with similar authority as identified and determined by the company) of the company has any authority to change my at-will status or enter into any agreement guaranteeing employment with Graphene for any specific period of time. I also understand that if any agreement is made, it will not be authorized and enforceable unless it is in writing and signed by both parties. I understand that if I have any questions about the interpretation or application of any policies contained in the Handbook, I should direct these questions to the onsite supervisor. I further understand Graphene reserves the right to modify the policies and benefits in the Handbook at any time without notice. I acknowledge that I have received the Handbook and understand it is my responsibility to read and comply with all policies contained in this Handbook, including state specific addendums (if any), and any revisions made to it.
